Improve observability documentation (#9535)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/observability/observe-metrics.md

intro: Metrics help to monitor the runtime behavior of a service. Therefore, metrics are a vital part of monitoring Ballerina services.
---

To support Prometheus as the metrics reporter, an HTTP endpoint starts with the context
of `/metrics` in default port 9797 when starting the Ballerina service.

### Configure advanced metrics 

> You can set up prometheus for your Ballerina project using the following config values in your `Config.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up prometheus for your Ballerina project using configuration similar to the following in your `Config.toml` file.
```
